we are same age. she shifted near my home (just some steps across) when we were in 2nd class or 3rd. since then we are childhood friends. we use to play a lot together. We use to play what not Role playing game, to group game, that number and toss game (langdi), Lagori, Badminton, cricket and what not, you name it. 
I don't know if she still remembers but JUST THE TWO OF US, YOU AND I ♪♪  use to play that game LANGDI game after getting ready for school and waiting for the school van. 

After some years past playing together as friends with no strings attached and now We were in 6th class ,later I started to have feeling for her but i kept myself telling that "She is just a friend, why am i thinking this, what is wrong with me?" and just continued playing and having friendship but with a little consciousness that i like her.

After months after realizing that i like her, i just started to think of her out of nowhere, just a random though of her and you won't believe this : i started to think of her randomly. and just as i thought of her I SAW HER IN FRONT OF ME, unbelievable. She was having PANI-PURI roadside with her mum and pappa. And that was the day i realized there is some kind of connection with her. 

After another 2 years past and it was 2021 ( we were in 9th class ), it was the first time there was garba organized in our neighbourhood: we( she & me ) and the whole gang we the spirit of the celebration/fun/party. so we use to practice garba and it was the first time me doing garba and i am not quite of a dancer. so we use to practice garba and use to play some fun games all together, we did practice and played some games for 7-8 days. And now it was the time of the main garba day when we are going to wear garba attires and a perform the garba we practiced for days. I got ready, my friends got ready with there traditional. girls looked totally different but she was looking way too different. way too special for me, Ahh... this is when i totally fell for her.  and since that day i have fallen in love with her. No other girls existed for me nor a single thought of other girls, it was always her's. I used to think of her day and night and I still do till date. I never got interested in any girl she was the first and last. She was my first interest and my first love knowing i had something special for with her. And also Since then, whenever I get her in my sight My stress level use to goes up, HR goes up. I use to get shy but she never knew what I have for her in my heart.

I had made plan how will i tell her about my feeling, how will i propose her. All imagined, all planned. Basically I made Fantasy in my mind.  

After another 2 year it was year 2023-2024 we just entered 11th class Vj my friend (irritating person) joined coaching for JEE i didn’t wanted to study with him cause he was irritating  but it is most regretting decision cause Rhea joined that same coaching. and since then VJ use to threaten me everyday that "I will tell her about your feelings for her"  and i use to say "no, please don't" and he started to threaten me everyday and i got use to it. So, whenever he use to threaten me and i gave zero reaction since then. But after some days he told me that he told her about my feeling to her and she is asking you to meet her from her terrace and me from my terrace. I got shiver again cause it happened so unexpectedly and so fast.

I got up there saw her got so shy I have to get VJ to the terrace with me. I gave her my number with signing all 10 digits with my finger. and then she called me, we talked and then we both said bye and went down from terrace.

And then we started to talk everyday and her account she used to talk to me have another story too (NOT IMP: Rhea impersonated herself as the girl who proposed me and ofc i said “no” to the girl who proposed me cause i had rhea all in my mind & VJ told this to rhea and rhea did her job. Rhea used to Say “not good word" to her self but as the girl who proposed me. And I defended rhea, fighting with her cause i didn’t  she was her. I use to block her cause i use to get so angry and block her but after some days she revealed her real identity then). We started to talk everyday she use to flirt unexpectedly and i lost my mind then I started to flirt too. we talk for 6-8 months i guess but after some days she said “You deserve better” And I lost myself, my soul, my attention, my intellectual mind, I was just LOST, DEFEATED. 

Then I got into depression, thinking I did something wrong, I was not enough, I am now UNWANTED. I was never angry on her but on myself, i used to cry every day-&-night thinking of her and What I have lost. I was not able to study, can’t sit at one place, can’t think something, can’t focus.

I scored less in JEE, CET, BOARDS all. I was not able to score good in any even i used to study all day/night.

After this I made my mind I will just disappear and go abroad to study cause if i study in same college it will be Uncomfortable for us both. but i am regretting this decision now. you will know this why in story forward. I thought I WAS UNWATED TO HER.

but after Exam I thought “I can’t be like this for rest of my life”, “I have to change” “I can’t waste my life” so, I started to work on my self but I never forget Rhea i still love her, never angry on her, seeing her picture every day-&-every night. I still do though.

And after working on me for couple of months I thought it was the next step I Though of moving forward from her. I was broken after thinking of my next step i failed 3-4 time(3-4 months) but I never failed my in any task but this cause it was really hard. and the after restarting to get forward i was just 7 days of this out of nowhere she called me to meet her, after 1.3+ years. Eventually I was not going to meet her cause I don’t wanted to say anything stupid unintentionally but then i went to meet her. when we met she said “Why are you ignoring me?”, “why are you not talking to me?”, “not even a simple text?” I was there but not saying anything just long breaths which obviously irritated her (SIGHS IRRITATED HER, SHE EVEN MENTIONED THIS WHEN WE ARE TALKING NOW, SHE EVEN SAID I WAS NOT INTERESTED IN HER ANYMORE) and then after some exchange of word/sentence she cried like she really cared, she was missing me, she really missed my love, she really missed my care and  I felt that in that moment. I just patted her back and talk some time more and then we get to our homes, then after some days we started to talk again on Instagram and now we are talking on WhatsApp, PROGRESS.....She said I’m not UNWANTED

This time I can see she wants to give me second chance CAUSE SHE SE MY CARE FOR HER, LOVE FOR HER, SHE LOVES ME TOO MAYBE..., & FINALLY SHE REALIZED MY WORTH.

THIS IS THE STORY TILL NOW I DON’T KNOW WHAT WILL HAPPEN IN NEAR FUTURE